IZZY: I almost died today,
(GUNSHOTS)
God damn it!
Wait. Someone tried
to kill you?
These Russians thought
I put a virus
in their sothare.
IZZY: All I could think about
was you and how much
I love you.
There is a man
In Jail.
He killed my partner.
He's imprisoned for it now.
Hey, you a
bitch-ass, Dacey!
RON:
Touie ain't here _
no more 'cause of him.
NICK: Wes Chandler's in.
While you're committing
corporate espionage and
getting kidnapped,
I closed that deal.
You're welcome.
We got some
competition.
Kazankov family.
(SPEAKING RUSSIAN)
RON: They ain't gonna stop
until she dead.
You're all gonna be livin'
on the island with me.
RON: Gonna send 'em away.
Someplace safe.
So how do you
see yourself
fittin' in?
Can you protect my investment?
I'm talking about Izzy.
RON: This Araknet shit,
I'mma see it through.
RON: 'Cause that's all
I got right here.
(CONTEMPORARY INSTRUMENTAL
MUSIC PLAYING)
NICK: Hey,
breakfast is ready...
Dude!
Sorry!
RON: We a family here.
Gotta be.
RON:' Cause family
all about trust.
All about loyalty.
And those the things
we depend on.
RON: 'Cause what we doin' here
it's far too important.
What we're workin' on
is a highly encrypted
new version of the dark web.
RON: Can't nobody
know about it.
Anybody asks,
Izzy Morales,
she don't exist.
RON: Araknet's creator,
anonymous.
Location, unknown.
RON: Every day just like today.
you are to report
to the spot that we set up.
RON: Me or one of my crew,
we show up, we drive you
the rest of the way.
There plenty a people out there
who wanna see us fail.
RON: Some that even
wanna hurt us.
So it's damn important
that you follow the protocol.
RON: We not playin',
Ronnie don't understand that.
RON: We will sweat together.
We will bleed together.
'Cause we a family,
and that's what families do.
The security is tops,
because the_stakes
are way too hIgh here.
And if you stray,
I will find you,
and I will break your neck.
Aite?
NICK: Welcome aboard.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(EKG BEEPING)
Dad?
Dad.
(SOFl'LY) I'm gonna
get the nurse, okay?
Okay?
(EXHALING SLOWLY)
NICK: So, look,
growth is really good.
We should be
really happy
about that.
Uh, word-of—mouth
is strong.
Um, I mean, it's not enough
to top Guizer, but, uh...
Guizer's expected to hit
their first million this week.
WES: Where are we?
MARA: 20K.
NICK: Yeah, but we're
trending upward really quickly.
You know, I'm done
looking at this, you know.
When your competitor
takes a piece of the pie,
it's not just that his piece
of the pie gets bigger,
it's that the whole pie
gets smaller,
until he's the pie.
So what do we do?
I need inspiring.
You know, I'm a little
under-whelmed right now.
I need to be whelmed.
Well, uh...
Mara and I
have been talking.
And, uh...
IZZY: What we're doing
is working.
Slow. Steadily.
IZZY: That's how all
great networks started.
Yeah, but that
was a different time.
MARA: Now, we need
to be aggressive.
You're either the only
or you're nothing.
RON: She's right.
We gotta move fast.
MARA: BuzzTech Miami
is next week, and I think
we can go make some inroads.
Wait. Pause. What?
Nothing fancy. No booth
or anything. Just go in
and get peoples' ears.
Software developers. App makers.
We need to get them to start
using our network.
This is good.
I like this.
I'm whelmed.
It's a terrible idea.
NICK: Why?
Developers are not gonna
buy into the dark net.
Not now.
NICK: Because the dark net
sounds terrible.
MARA: It sounds illegal.
We're gonna re-frame it.
MARA: Araknet needs
to be a household name.
No one's gonna say "I'm on the
dark net." They're gonna say
"I'm on Araknet."
And lots of companies
have been looking, actually.
Since net neutrality
been compromised.
MARA: Yeah.
KolPart. YapGrab.
Those are all
falling apart!
MARA: Exactly.
That's why they'd need us.
Yeah, they keep getting hacked.
Trust is evaporating.
WES: This is good.
I mean, all they need to do
is download Araknet,
get people talking,
people share.
(BANGS TABLE)
Overwhelmed.
IZZY: Dumbest shit
I've heard this whole meeting.
You want to go to BuzzTech?
(SLAMS LAPTOP SHUT)
Underwhelmed.
WES: What I said...
I'll go. I'll go.
Izzy.
I want that
tiny bitch out.
(SIGHS)
This isn't just her.
BuzzTech?
Yeah. It's a
huge opportunity.
We're trying
to stay hid.
Okay. You stay here
with Ronald, I'll go...
I'm not scared of gettin'
capped, Nick.
That's not the problem.
I'm worried about
makin' Araknet
a public thing.
But it is a public thing.
People are writing blogs
about it and having
Reddit forums about it.
This is how it spreads.
This is what we want.
Yeah,
through word-of—mouth.
Not through some,
I don't know,
some PR bullshit.
What are you doing?
What is this?
What do you mean?
I mean, what are you doing?
Why are you doing this?
Is this not what you wanted?
To win?
I'm just saying.
We _don't need
some bIg conference.
Yes, we do.
No, no.
Our platform is better.
It's bigger, it's huge.
People are gonna see that.
But Wes is also right.
Guizer's gonna scoop up
these developers.
And?
Our speed is up,
our encryption's huge,
our hops are more efficient.
We're gonna go.
I'm the CEO.
It's my call.
You're gonna make that call?
Yeah.
'Cause you're CEO? You can't
keep playing that card!
I am going to play
that card right now
because if not,
what are we doing?
We're just spinning our wheels.
That's all we're doing.
We're supposed
to be a team.
We are a team. Meaning,
this isn't just about you.
Meaning, there are other people
sacrificing as well.
Sacrificing careers,
and sacrificing lives.
How about that? _
PotentIally sacrIfICIng lIves.
I want
that tiny bitch gone.
Oh, my God.
We talked about this.
The only way
that we get out
of this alive
is if we're too big
to fail.
So myself and that tiny bitch
are going. Thanks.
(CLA'I'I'ERS)
(ALL CH EERING LOUDLY)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(VOICES FADING AWAY)
(SOMBRE MUSIC PLAYING)
Jing-Shen.
Mr. Bell.
Good to see you.
Vera. Chat?
Would you
excuse me?
Sure.
Absolutely.
Thank you.
You're very gracious.
Help yourself
to a drink.
We can use BuzzTech
as a way to hand over
the company. Publicly.Okay?
I'll just explain that I need
some time to work on my next...
Conference is tomorrow,
Alex.
Why are you
doing this right now?
'Cause I'm done.
Okay?
I want a buy-out.
You still have
two years left.
Guizer has a million users.
It Is on cruIse control.
Because of me.
Vera.
Guizer's winning.
It is unstoppable.
I-I earned my take.
What are you...
What is this?
The conditions
of your buyout.
Ten million users?
Our second milestone.
No! No!
Alex, we need
your face at BuzzTech.
We need your face
at Disrupt in San Francisco.
We need you
at The Summit in Tolqo.
And by then, you're right,
Guizer will be bulletproof.
GenCoin will be a ubiquitous
global currency.
We'll have horizontal
IntegratIon across
the dark web.
And you can take
a comfortable buy-out
and become a passive earner
in the largest tech revolution
in history.
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
Hey.
You have 'em?
Yep.
IZZY: You guys are really
doing this thing, huh?
What if Vera
tries something?
NICK: With that
many people?
I doubt it.
I don't know.
You know this is
our best shot.
Deep down.
I know you know that.
Wish us luck.
(DOOR CLOSES SHUT)
(FAST PACED MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
MARA: Hey, Nevin.
Oh, my gosh.
Hey. How are you?
How you doing?
Good to see you.
Hey, Nick Talman.
_ Hi. Zac.
Zac. NIce to meet you.
Uh, Nick Talman.
Can we chat for a sec?
Sure.
NICK: There is so much red-tape
and so many
unexpected roadblocks,
and that's the beauty
of Araknet.
It's gonna give you the power
to expand globally
without restrictions.
You guys are looking
to be in China by 2018.
Is that correct?
Yeah, 2017, 2018.
Great. There's no way
you're gonna be able
to do that
without a dark web network
like ourselves.
(FAST PACED MUSIC CONTINUES)
(SIGHING)
(FLUSH ES)
NICK: Nevin, I'm Nick Talman.
I'm with Araknet.
I believe Mara spoke to you?
Yeah. What's up?
ALEX: This isn't a new platform,
guys. This is a revolution.
NICK :Your users are gonna
eat up this sort of freedom,
lack of regulation...
Maybe.
Guizer isn't just
the future of the dark net.
It is the future
of the Internet.
I wasn't blown away
by the interface.
Well...
You guys are amazing,
but with Guizer,
the world
is your playground.
Look. I sat down
with Alex Bell last night
and he got me thinkin'.
ALEX: With each of _their
companIes becomIng
exclusive to our platform,
we will be the ubiquitous
dark web access point
for generations to come.
(APPLAUSE)
Paul?
Good to see you, man.
You get your prototype?
Yeah.
Where'd you
get the funding?
Lucas Fein.
He called me back in.
After they found out I wasn't
_ Sure.
WIth you anymore.
I see.
That all sounds great.
Thing is, we just agreed
to the same thing with Guizer.
(SIGHS IN EXASPERATION)
If we're gonna do this sorta
thing, it's gonna be with him.
Okay. I see.
We're here.
We're born.
Thank you, everybody.
How about this?
Mara...
Mm-hmm.
Okay?
You help me
get up in that...
All right,
go fuck yourself.
I'm all yours, bro.
_ IZZY: I'm not sure
If you guys are aware,
but we're getting
a really good ass-whooping.
IZZY: Guizer's got over a mil
and we've barely reached 20K.
Um, the configuration
that we tested last night
actually out-performed
their up-down.
Yeah. Yeah, and we got
their decryption totally beat
since I souped up
that cipher. So...
So we have_a better
coanguratIon and
our exit is faster.
They still have
the drop on us.
It's because our
front-end sucks.
IZZY: Our front-end
doesn't suck.
RANCE: Our front-end
is as clumsy
as a bag of dicks, girl.
Is it? Because I built
that front-end.
I know you did.
And that's why I'm saying
maybe we should get somebody
who does this kind of thing.
It could help.
It's not
the interface, Rance.
(WHISPERING)
IZZY: Cassie?
Hm?
You have an idea?
Er...
Spit it.
Okay.
Um, I was just thinking.
I don't know...
I could write a virus
that hijacks
the app review
plug-ins
and turns them into
advertisements for us.
(LAUGHING GLEEFULLY)
IZZY: Beautiful.
CASSIE: Like classy, like cool.
I love it.
CASSIE: Or like just
the Araknet logo.
CASSIE: Like a spider crawls
across their screen.
Like...
Like a little...
CASSIE: Yeah, right.
Like real cool and cryptic.
It'll make people wonder.
You know?
SAL: Yeah,
it's an interesting idea,
but it's illegal. So...
IZZY: It's a great idea.
And it's only illegal
if get caught.
Don't get caught,
Cassie.
Okay.
Izz
I'm good.
Okay, whatever you...
IZZY: Meeting adjourned.
Return to work.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATION)
(SPEAKING FOREIGN LANGUAGE)
You are good?
Good. Good.
Sergei has a UTI, but...
(LAUGHS)
Girl or boy?
One of those South Beach girls.
(LAUGHTER)
Listen.
I need results.
The Cuban bitch.
The Cuban bitch, yes.
But she has help.
My sister's being short sighted.
I say all three have to go.
The Haitian. The Jew.
And, what does your uncle say?
Fuck my uncle.
All he wants
is to retire in Boca.
Sell-out.
Afraid of hard work.
But we,
the three of us,
(WHISPERING)
we could run this town.
She never tell you
what's going on here, did she?
Yeah. She told me.
And you still here.
I just needed a change.
You know.
That's one hell of
a damn change,
that's for sure.
(CHUCKLES)
You have no idea.
So, why aren't you
living out on the island,
with the rest of us?
Y'all ain't the only people
I gotta look out for.
Have you always worked
in private security?
NICK: He has an entire
medIa machIne.
It's very hard
to compete with that.
WES: Sit down.
NICK: No, thank you.
You're driving me nuts.
Sit.
Have one of these.
Please.
I don't smoke.
It's not smoking.
It's a cigar.
Just give me that scotch.
I'm gonna
take it tomorrow.
At BuzzTech. The coffees.
The meetings.
(SIGHS)
Look, I really feel...
Nick, please.
Yeah?
It's what I do.
(DOOR SHUTS)
(FAINT VOICES ON TV)
(LINE RINGING)
Hey, this is Tam.
Leave me a message
and I'll get back to you.
(BEEP)
(RAIN PATTERING)
(DOOR BELL TINKLES)
MARV: Hey, Big Ronnie.
RON: How're you doing, Marv?
(FAINT MUSIC PLAYING
IN THE STORE)
Keep the change, Marv.
(VOICES FROM TV)
(SOMBRE MUSIC PLAYING)
(SOMBRE INSTUMENTAL
MUSIC CONTINUES)
Where you from,
Kantavious?
Charlotte.
WES: So how long
have you been
with these guys?
Since the beginning.
Fantastic.
Yeah.
They put you
in a suite, right?
(LAUGHS)
Not a suite, but...
No?
That's fantastic, man.
Yeah.
And they canned you?
Um, well...
They kinda. Yeah.
Yeah, but it was for the best
'cause now we got this.
Wow.
WES: So why Guizer?
MAN: Alex Bell.
Great reputation.
WES: I mean, yeah.
We saw that they have
killer bandwidth speed.
But we're not talking about
scramjets or smart homes.
We're talking about
anonymity here, man.
We're talking freedom.
WES: Let me tell you something
about Alex Bell, okay?
He had three companies
that failed miserably
He can eat the peanuts
out of my shit.
What?
WES: Let me ask you a question.
Would you buy ad-block software
from Mark Zuckerberg?
No.
If you wanna trust
a corporate-run,
publicly traded company
like Axis with the future
of digital democracy,
well, then you go right
the fuck ahead.
Listen to what
I just said.
I mean, hey, say it yourself
a couple of times.
It's basically satire.
WES: They got billion dollar
contracts with Samsung,
Amazon,
with Microsoft...
You think your investment
is gonna be safe,
using their cloud?
WES: I mean, I'm just saying,
you know. I might be wrong.
WES: I hope I'm not out of line,
but, fuck them.
(SOFI' INSTRUMENTAL
MUSIC PLAYING)
(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
(MUSIC PLAYING AT THE BAR)
MICKEY: Big Ronnie.
RON: 'Sup, Mickey.
BOTH: Yeah.
I'm so sorry, friend.
Condolences from me
and Nadia both.
Thanks.
Uh, are you hungry?
Oh, yeah.
What can I get you?
RON: All right.
MICKEY: I got real nice
fried cod tonight.
You change the menu, bro?
Yeah.
Thought it was time,
you know?
Okay. Let me get that cod then.
Sure thing.
If that's what's up.
Let me get
that damn cod.
Yeah, it's good.
You got a new chef
back there, too?
New chef.
God damn, bruh!
Everything new.
Coke?
Yeah. Let me get
a coke.
(SOFI'LY) Thanks, bruh.
(POURING A DRINK)
(ICE CLANKING IN THE GLASS)
Gonna grab a smoke right quick.
(FAINT DRUM BEATS
FROM THE INSIDE)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
(EXHALING LOUDLY)
Hey, say, uh, Mickey,
maybe a cold beer
to go with this?
Go good with cod, right?
Sure.
Yeah, all right.
Thanks, bruh.
Maybe a little rum go with that.
Just a little finger.
That's what's up,
thanks.
RON: Mm, mm, mm, mm!
It's good, bruh.
It's real good.
Thanks.
(PHONE RINGING)
Yeah?
E?
It's Mick.
(INDISTINCT VOICES FROM TV)
Mm.
Hi.
Good to see you.
Thank you so much
for visiting.
Thanks
for inviting me.
Sorry, I was just
in the middle of...
Would you like some?
There's plenty going.
Oh...
No? This is actually
not bad.
I would come back
just for the food.
Thanks, no.
No?
You know,
the weird part is,
not even gonna
come out my ass.
'Cause your boy's bullet ripped
through my small intestine.
My own shit started leaking
into my blood stream.
Went septic.
So it wouldn't have been
the bullet that killed me,
it would have been my own shit.
Can you believe that?
My own shit.
(CLEARS THROAT)
Anyhoo, I figured
you'd be wondering
where in God's green earth I had
been for the past few weeks,
so I thought
I'd give you a call.
How are you?
Grigory is going
to come to his senses.
Oh, I'm sure
he is, yeah.
Um...
He will be released
from prIson,
and Agent Pierce's murder case
will be reopened.
I'm not sure what you thought
was going to happen...
That's fair.
(CLEARS THROAT)
So when I take the stand,
I'll be telling them about
the cover-up with Delfia Morales
and the attempted murder
and kidnapping of Izzy.
And all the other
financial shenanigans
that you've had going on
for the past five or six years,
with which I could
sink you like a stone.
I thought I should
let you know that.
Yeah?
Are we clear?
Yeah.
Good.
I've finished talking now.
You can go.
(VOICES FROM TV CONTINUE)
(DOGS BARKING)
(MUSIC AND LAUGHTER)
(LAUGHTER CONTINUES)
What's up, my niggas?
Do you know who I am?
What?
I said,
do you know who I am?
I don't know, man.
Hm?
Do you know who I am?
What my name is?
What my name
mean in this hood?
No, man, we're...
You don't know me, nigga?
No.
We just came
to get a beer.
Oh, you came
to get a fucking beer.
Yeah.
You niggas came
to get beers, huh?
Or you wanna see
what the hood like, right?
We just...
You know...
You what?
Thought you'd be hard
for the night, huh?
You wanna be tough?
You gotta get hurt, bruh.
That's a rule.
(LAUGHS)
That's a rule, bruh.
MAN: Chill, man.
What did you say?
You steppin' to me,
nigga?
You on the 305 right now.
Motherfuckers come to the 305,
they get hurt. That's what
happens, bruh.
Ijust...
RON: Y'all wanna get hurt.
Fuck this shit.
(VESSELS AND ITEMS CLA'I'I'ERING)
MAN: Hold up!
Hey, leave him alone!
MAN: Fuck, nigga.
(GLASS BREAKING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Ronnie! _
YO... Hey, RonnIe!
Ronnie, dog!
Ronnie!
Hold up, hold up!
RON: Get off me!
He came here to get hurt.
Startin' shit. Get off me, brah.
(MEN SPEAKING LOUDLY)
MAN: We got you,
all right?
Easy...
MAN: Just sleep it off,
man.
You just gotta
sleep it off, man.
MAN: Hey, chill, man.
We got you.
No, no.
Chill, bruh.
We got you, man.
Can you tell us, man,
what it take
to make you feel better, man?
MAN: We got you, man.
Whatever you need, bruh.
We your fam. All right?
MAN: We got you, man.
We your day ones,
all right?
but you good.
MAN: You hear me?
We your day ones.
MAN: All right?
Know that.
(COT CREAKING)
(MEN SNORING)
(SIGHS)
MARA: Well, we deﬁnitely
shook things up
the other day
because early this morning,
we broke 300,000 users.
That's a quarter
million people
in just a couple of days.
All because of you, Wes.
He put on a clinic at BuzzTech.
Nah.
You lubed 'em up for me
pretty good, kid,
you really did.
And, Izzy,
your code, star
of the show, man.
It's all everybody
could talk about.
I also should say that,
you know,
none of this would've happened
if Ronald didn't get us started.
Ronald.
Well done, man.
(WAVES SPLASHING)
(SIGHING)
(WAVES SPLASHING SOFI'LY)
(INSECTS CHIRPING)
STELLA: Hey, you.
Hey, babe.
You looked_like
you were paSSIng out
for a second.
Iam.
You should really let
Sal and Cassie help more.
Mm...
And me.
Izzy...
Maybe I just want it
to be perfect.
I don't, actually.
I don't want it to be perfect,
I want it to be the best.
What?
What would you do
if you were still
a part of GenCoin?
All that success.
_And what if Araknet
Is just as successful?
I mean...
Would you even
enjoy that?
Where is this coming from?
You know,
maybe take a nice
little corner office?
Vacation time?
Stella,
why are you...
Scary when all
the noise stops,
isn't it?
Wow.
Been talkin' to Nick?
STELLA: Izzy, you almost died
a few weeks ago.
You don't even
wanna talk about it?
And that guy who saved you.
You don't even...
Do you even know
if he's Okay?
Baby girl,
what does it matter?
I'm not worried
about that.
Stells,
I'm trying to move on.
I'm worrying about us.
Look at this.
Yeah, okay, look.
I wanna be with you.
Whether we're working together
or if we're just together,
but...
Listen, if you just keep all
this shit bottled up inside...
What shit?
"What shit"?
Really?
Stells, a lot of shit
happened this past year.
You become numb.
Exactly.
(GROANS)
(SOFI' GUITAR MUSIC PLAYING)
* You have been
*Strong in my mind today
*Who that
*I love
*Stands in my way
*It keeps me
*From trying
*Who am I to say?
*My love
*Is dying
*To be on your way
*Why am I always
*Drawn to the darkest light
*Seems that I
*I believe that I can help
You change
* So let me see
*The life I'm supposed to see
*If I'd been keen
*To die...
Shit.
(SHOUTING)
Help!
*To dance in your darkest place
*To dance
In your darkest place *
(SIGHS)
(MUSIC AND HUMMING CONTINUES)
(SIREN WAILING AT A DISTANCE)
(CONTEMPORARY INSRUMENTAL
MUSIC PLAYING)